 
Running-in recommendations 
During the running-in period for the first 1,000km (600 miles), it is advisable to drive your new vehicle using 
the following precautions as a guideline to aid long life as well as future economy and performance. 
1. Do not race the engine at high speeds. 
2. Avoid rapid starting, acceleration, breaking and prolonged high-speed running. 
3. Keep to the running-in speed limits shown below.  
 
Drive range Running-in speed  
km/h (mph) 
1st 20 (12) 
2nd 40 (24) 
3rd 60 (37) 
4th 80 (49) 
5th 85 (52) 
 
       Please note that the legal speed limits displayed must be adhered to. 
4. Do not exceed loading limits. 
5. Refrain from towing a trail
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
54    Do it yourself 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Parking brake lever stroke 
 
Pull the parking brake lever all the way out 
to check the clicks that the ratchet 
makes.  
One click indicates a lever movement of 
one notch. 
 
Diesel-powered vehicles 18 to 22 notches 
 
If the parking brake lever stroke is not 
within the standard limits, have it 
adjusted by an authorized MITSUBISHI  
MOTORS dealer. 
 
Body mechanisms lubrication  
 
Check the latches and hinges of all doors 
for lack of lubrication.  
1 - Front door upper hinge  
2 - Front door latch  
3 - Side door latch  
4 - Tailgate latch  
Clean and apply chassis grease as 
necessary. 
 
 
 
 
 
Wheel rotation  
To equalize the wear and help extend tyre 
life, Mitsubishi Motors Philippines 
Corporation recommends that you rotate 
your tyres approximately every 10,000 
km.  
Since, however, tyre wear varies with 
vehicle conditions, road surface 
conditions and individual vehicle driver's 
driving habits, it is recommended to 
rotate the tyres immediately after 
discovery of abnormal wear.  
When rotating tyres, check for uneven 
wear and damage. Abnormal wear is usu- 
ally caused by incorrect tyre pressure, 
improper wheel alignment, out -of- 
balance wheel, or severe braking.  
Consult your authorized dealer to deter - 
mine the cause of irregular tread wear. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
